Xiaoyun, then sign it.
This is not a contract for Haiche Chamber Building.
Sign it quickly. This is great.
This is why Mr. Sun thinks highly of our Su family.
Our Su family will not let you down.
This is a contract for Miss Su Yun.
It has something to do with your Su family. Just kidding.
Don't take it seriously. Just now I was testing my granddaughter’s fulfillment ability.
What a fight. She comes from a girl's family.
You can't test people, they are our elders,
Signed it for her. Maybe how did this investor get the contract for the Marine Vehicle Building?
Did that loser really commit the crime?
Then there's nothing wrong now
Come, Master Zhang, it’s so easy to use
I think it is necessary to have an in-depth exchange of ideas